hey guys cuz I hear mrs. episode 2 of
their PvP Tsutsui crossfire this one
we're gonna be going over multiple
things such as inventory management and
angle of attack and probably gonna do
blocking is all because I'm trying to do
it from both perspectives observers
where if you play in soup service and if
you done alright let's get into it okay
first off let's go over inventory
management for people that tend to not
playing super service as you can see
I've got pretty up inventory
personally if I was playing on one of
these servers I'd want to have
everything a certain order I'd want to
have my health potions near the staff so
I can have them all stacked up and ready
to be straight away then I'd won the M
I've done I'd want the painful ones
later on and then I've just keep my
reserved ones in a line above above
there I'm not worried about the
placement of them this is obviously
common sense but I've seen some people
use these like like a bit of an idea so
yeah this this is how I'd use it and I
drink the region first and then I drink
the strength and get them out of the way
then replace it I don't know with
another instant hammer something like
that because the last thing you want is
an unorganized inventory when you're
going into a long fight because the
quicker you can pick up the Persians and
drink them again the longer you're going
to live
okay guys now on to the setup for if you
are playing a sip server usually I have
my sod in the slot number 1 and I have
soups usually filling the rest and if
we've got a person I put it in the end
and the soup right above it so I can
just shift click the seat back in there
I always keep my soup on the top line
ready to refill as well because you'll
notice when you're going to inventory
your mouse usually resides in the
riddled middle of your screen so you can
just easily fill them in I'll go into
more detail about refilling in a
separate video okay guys now into an
actual combat situation as you can see I
have myself placed over there
slight lean beef now if I didn't know
what I was doing I would just straight
up charge straight for him because just
to take him on but sometimes in soup
service and in service where you don't
have soup that and that upper hand can
mean the difference between living and
dying so what I would do is I would
product because we're gonna need it in a
fight and hopefully should be out the
way I'd shift-click my soup in neck
shoulder bottles in my inventory too and
I would run around to the side making
sure the line of sight is constantly
broken if the line of sight is broken
you're gonna have the jump on him and
everything should go smoothly
okay guys no one's a blocking before I
go into blocking it and I'm just gonna
show you a quick few clips to show why
blocking is important
okay gas as you can see in a split my
opponent is 2.5 hearts of damage per hit
with a stone sword while I am NOT
blocking whereas in this clip I am
blocking and it reduces the damage to
one point five hearts per hit
and as you can see by these clips is
also affected while using a 9 SOT but to
really demonstrate the usefulness of
blocking take a look at this clip it
reduces the damage from a whopping 3.5
hearts to 2.5 to two halves okay now how
on earth do you actually block it you
may be wondering well it's a weird thing
which you do with the left in math book
first off you'll notice when I hold
right Mouse like that you block like
this and when you click your hip and you
do this weird thing where you mix the
two in a slightly strange patch as you
can see what I'm doing now is it may
sound like I'm just clicking my birth
mouse buttons but I'm not actually doing
that what I'm doing is I'm clicking the
left mouse button and very very shortly
after matter of milliseconds and I'm
clicking the right mouse button if you
get it right yes odd should do this
weird wobbly thing on the screen and one
huge mistake people always make is once
you've got that down doing it way too
fast so it kind of looks like that that
tends to mess up and you can't combo as
well as if you'd do it with like a
quarter of a second delay in between
each one planned like this
if you do that you tend to get more hits
in and since a combo more often
Aaron guess this concludes this episode
of PvP tips with crossfire next episode
will be hot keying and refilling I will
see you there
smell ya later alligator